Greetings.  Just FYI, I've just signed in to:

    git.openhazards.com

(with one of my *many* OH passwords ;-).  There I did the following: I added
the SSH key from my home computer to my profile, and then cloned one of the
repositories on the git site.  There follows a lengthy elaboration of the
process.  Some preliminary remarks:

(1) The prerequisites for the following are:
  (a) to have an ssh client installed on your system;
  (b) to have used your ssh client to generate a public key;
  (c) to have git installed:
      https://git-scm.com/

(2) It's easy (trivial on linux) to get the prerequisites, but I'm willing to
help you get them.

(3) There are many, many features of both ssh and git that I don't mention
here.  James will likely cover some of them at one of the Spafford meetings.
Fortunately, both ssh and git are in both in widespread use, and there is
ample documentation for both.  Do web searches for:

    ssh tutorial
    git tutorial

    ssh book
    git book

and pick something that suits you.

# The SSH key:

(1) Selected ("clicked on") the gear icon in the upper, right-hand corner of
the page.

(2) Selected "SSH Keys" from the resulting panel on the left-hand side of the
page.

(3) Selected the green, "Add SSH Key" in the upper, right-hand corner of the
ensuing page.

(4) Went to a "terminal" window on my computer and typed out my public key
(RSA):

    $ pwd
    /home/mike/.ssh

    $ cat id_rsa.pub

(5) Used a mouse to copy the key (the output of the command in step (4)).

(6) Pasted the key into the "key" box on the "Add SSH Key" page (selected in
step (3)).

(7) For the "Title" I just used the short name for my home PC.  I think the
title is just for your own benefit -- anything you can remember.

(8) Selected the green, "Add key" button at the bottom of the page.

# Cloning the repository

(1) Select the orange, "GitLab" icon in the upper, left-hand corner of any of
the pages at:

<http://git.openhazards.com/>

(2) The repositories are evidently called "projects" in gitlab-speak.  I
selected the:

    ghojin/ghojin-py

project from the list of projects near the upper, right-hand corner of the
page.

(3) There is a series of blue boxes on that page (the "Ghojin Market Simulator
and Analysis Package" page.  Right *under* those blue boxes it shows two ways
to clone the repository:

    SSH
    HTTP

You just select the one you want to use.

(4) I selected the SSH approach, as I had already added my own SSH key, so as
to be able to access the repositories without a password.

(5) I used the mouse to copy the string in the wide box next to the SSH and
HTTP boxes:

    git@git.openhazards.com:ghojin/ghojin-py.git

(6) I proceeded to clone the repository:

    $ git clone git@git.openhazards.com:ghojin/ghojin-py.git
    Cloning into 'ghojin-py'...
    remote: Counting objects: 111, done.
    remote: Compressing objects: 100% (110/110), done.
    remote: Total 111 (delta 59), reused 0 (delta 0)
    Receiving objects: 100% (111/111), 19.33 KiB | 0 bytes/s, done.
    Resolving deltas: 100% (59/59), done.
    Checking connectivity... done.

(7) Voici: I now have all the files from the repository on *my* computer:

    $ cd ghojin-py/
    $ ls
    examples  ghojin  Makefile  pylint.rc  README.md

(8) If somebody should add to/subtract from/modify the repository on the OH
server, I can immediately get up-to-date copies, as:

    $ git pull
    Already up-to-date.

(Evidently James is being lazy and hasn't modified anything in the last 15
minutes.)

-- Mike

